Feature #3247 link check (#3325)
dtcenter/METplus: docs/Contributors_Guide/continuous_integration.rst

.. figure:: figure/ci-doc-artifacts.png

.. _cg-ci-linkcheck:

Check Documentation Links (linkcheck.yml)

> ------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-----------------------------------------
```
I *think* you have one too many dashes to exactly underline the title, but I'm surprised that RTD didn't warn about that.

Author: Again, nice catch. RTD didn't warn about it because the underline of the section title only has to be at least as long as the text, so it can be longer, but not shorter. However, I do prefer the cleaner look of having it the exact same length, so I removed the extra dash.

METplus documentation contains many links to external resources, such as
academic papers, related software packages, and other websites. Over time,
these external links can break as pages are moved or removed. This workflow
runs Sphinx's ``linkcheck`` builder to identify broken links in the
documentation.

This workflow is defined in each of the METplus component repositories.
It calls a :ref:`cg-ci-custom-actions` action,
`dtcenter/metplus-action-linkcheck <https://github.com/dtcenter/metplus-action-linkcheck>`_,
so that the logic to install documentation dependencies and run the
``linkcheck`` builder does not need to be duplicated across repositories.

This workflow is triggered by:

> * A weekly **schedule** (every Monday), so that link rot is caught even when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A weekly **schedule**, so that link rot is caught even when
```
I'd remove this detail because it could change and isn't worth the effort to keep accurate.

  no documentation changes have been made
* A **pull_request** event for changes to files under the **docs** directory,
  so that new or edited links are checked before a pull request is merged
* A manual **workflow_dispatch** event, so that a developer can run the check
  on demand against any branch

> If broken links are found, the workflow job fails and reports a red X,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If broken links are found, the workflow job fails, as indicated by a red X,
```

Author: This suggestion was applied.

and the full ``linkcheck`` report is made available for download as a
GitHub Actions artifact so it can be reviewed.

Some links may be intentionally excluded from this check. For example, a link
may be valid but block automated/non-browser requests, or may point to a
resource that is only reachable from an internal network. These exclusions
are configured per repository in the ``linkcheck_ignore`` variable in that
repository's **docs/conf.py** file.

> 	    

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Not a big deal, just extra whitespace.

Author: Nice catch. You're very good at noticing these things. I removed the extra whitespace.

Navigate to the GitHub repository for a custom action to learn more about
using it.

Custom actions in METplus may be implemented as Docker container actions,

> JavaScript actiosn, or composite actions. Composite actions are the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript actions, or composite actions. Composite actions are the
```
Fix typo

Author: This typo was fixed.

> preferred approach for new custom actions going forward, since they avoid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preferred approach for new development, since they avoid
```

Author: This suggestion was applied.

> Docker image build/pull overhead and are not restricted to Linus runners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker image build/pull overhead and are not restricted to Linux runners.
```
I think you meant `Linux`.

Author: This typo was fixed.
